What is a version control system is and why is it important.?

Version control software keeps track of every change to the code and coders can work as a team 
with a synchronized document posted on a database. All kinds of mistakes or desire to go back to
 earlier projects it can be done, developers can do it and compare earlier versions of the code 
 to help with any problem they may have. 
It is important to have a version to control and change your projects, but what is the most common
 way to accomplish that? Well, a repository, or Git project, contains the entire collection of files 
 and folders of any project, along with each file's correction history. 
To use Git, it is essential to use characteristic commands to modify your project, copy it, etc (Git init, 
Git clone, Git status, Git add, Git commit, Git push) so it is important to know how to manage those commands. 

How did you use a version control system to develop the programs?

I used the Version Control system to copy my tic tact toe game project file into the repository. First I created 
a new repository called "cse210" through the interface in my personal account in GitHub, and then I copied it and 
push it the files into that repository. I also learned through the instructor´s video tutorial that git commands 
are essential and not difficult to learn. 
I pushed my project again, but this time using git commands. It was a new experience for me. 
These were the commands I used to push my project:

git init

git add system.txt

git status

git commit -m 'system.txt changed'

git status

git push

git log

What is abstraction and why is it important?

I understand as the concept of object-oriented programming that shows only important attributes and hides 
unnecessary information. Abstraction is selecting data from a larger collection to show only pertinent details
 of the object to the user. 
I read the example in the prepare content and I realise how important is for programmers
to make things "simpler" and "functional" to the user.
So, in conclusion conceptual abstractions may be created by filtering the information content of a concept, selecting 
only the aspects which are relevant for a particular subjectively valued purpose. 
In my case, when I was getting into the "Dice" game, two classes are sufficiently enough to the structure of the game. 